Documentum Perl 5 Extension Version 0.9
---------------------------------------

This is the Documentum client library extention to Perl5.  I have used
Perl 5.004_04 in making this extension, but wouldn't be surprised if it
worked on older versions of Perl...there's nothing in the XS interface
that's particular to 5.004.

This version was built against version 3.15 of Documentum, but should
work with older versions, as the API hasn't apparently changed much in 
a long time.  The flags in the Makefile.PL are for Solaris, so you
may have to tweak the Makefile.PL if you're using a different platform
(my docs only tell me how to build stuff for Solaris).  Let me know what 
settings you use for a given platform and I'll include them in the
distribution notes.

To build this extension, unpack the distribution, and edit Makefile.PL
to point at your documentum client libraries.  I arranged mine in the
typical Unix "/bin /lib /include" fashion.  You may need to tailor
this depending on your particular installation.  Then do the typical
Perl module building stuff:

	perl Makefile.PL
	make
	make test
	make install

Note:  You will need to edit test.pl to provide your docbase name, userid,
and password.  If you don't do this, the tests will fail.  The client
libraries will locate your DocBroker from your dmcl.ini file, which should
be pointed to via the DMCL_CONFIG environment variable.  So before
building this module, I'd recommend setting DMCL_CONFIG to avoid any
potential problems.  If you're concerned about docbase integrity, use
a userid with limited privileges, and review my test.pl script.

The test.pl script will connect to your docbase, generate a new
document (from the dm_document class) and link it into the /Temp
cabinet (its called "Perl Test".  You can destroy this document after the 
tests have run, but this is an easy way to exercise all of the API functions.

This interface works much better than the sick, hacked version of
Perl 5.001 that Documentum provides with the server.  This module
doesn't dump core when errors are encountered (like a non-existent
object attribute). 

If you encounter problems with the module that appear to be confined
to the module (or can't tell), please let me know.  If you find this
module useful, let me know as well. 

Brian W. Spolarich
ANS Communications
<briansp@ans.net>
